These errors could be because of a missing or misspelled icon, but
it could also be because of a poor choice in the application itself.


mate-disk-usage-analyzer:
	Menu item "Analyser" > "Scan Remote Folder..." (also found in the
	toolbar) is currently displaying network status/network-idle instead
	of places/folder-remote, and thus looks very out of place.

fceux:
	Menu item "Options" > "Hotkey Config" stands out because it does
	not have an icon, apps/preferences-desktop-keyboard-shortcuts
	should be used apps/preferences-system-network.

	Menu item "Options" > "Network Config" is currently displaying
	icon status/network-idle instead of places/folder-remote,
	and thus looks very out of place.

	fceuX icon should after clicking "Help" > "About" uses an external
	icon instead of apps/fceux.

brave:
	All icons are external icons, these are tolerable.

firefox:
	All icons are external icons, these are tolerable.

transmission-gtk:
	The icons at the bottom of the application are external icons,
	one of them also appear in "Edit" > "Preferences" > "Speed";
	these icons do however look okay.

libreoffice:
	A lot of icons are external icons.

meld:
	(investigate)
	It is not sure that the icons for the menu items "Changes" >
	"Pull from Left" and "Changes" > "Pull from Right" are
	right-to-left compatible. It is likely more likely, but it
	should still be checked, that "Changes" > "Pull to Left" and
	"Changes" > "Pull to Right" are right-to-left compatible.

synfig-studio:
	Most icons are external icons.

gimp:
	A lot of icons are external icons, but look okay.

thunar:
	Most icons in "View" > "Config Toolbar..." (they are of couse
	also used elsewhere) are external icons that look a bit off.
	Mostly they are too bright, but the Home looks different from
	the Home icon that is displayed in the side pane and elsewhere.

	The icons to the right in "Edit" > "Configure custom actions..."
	are external icons and look to bright, also cliking the Gear icon
	brings up a window where the icon on the button associated with
	"Command" has the same issue but also uses a different style.

	Clicking the mouse secondary button ("right clicking"), or
	pressing the menu key on the keyboard, inside a directory brings
	up a context menu with the three zoom commands' icons are external
	icons and are too bright.


There is no point in trying to fix
	fontforge
	audacity

